personally, I haven't really needed toe change where I'm living that much.
I've never been really sick. I've never had, um, some something
wrong with my bones or anything like that. But from what I've seen,
the Navy is really good about giving people the right tools to use
if something happens with themselves or their family. If something's
wrong with you, then they get you off the ship because it's a pretty
harsh environment toe work in. If something's wrong with your family,
then they tend to give you all the resource is that they need toe.
Either get transferred back to the states if they're overseas or
get transferred to the crack hospital if, um, if they need that.